I was curious as to what makes them different. What makes white supremacy different or like Islamophobia so different from anti-Semitism? Freedom of speech, freedom of religion, freedom of association. And so on, if I want to kill you and behead you, unless you convert to the religion I dictate, what would be the place of compromise? One of the great speakers of our day is a great Ayan Herceli. Here she is at a fantastic debate with individuals that are supporting Islam's development in the West, with that understanding exactly what's going on today. Listen carefully what she has to say about that. And of course, I'd like to hear what you have to say about it. So don't forget to leave your comments below and of course, subscribe to this channel and we'll talk to you on the other end of the video. I'd like to reiterate the thanks for your time here at the University of Austin. What I wanted to ask you was, do you speak of Islamophobia and classes like Back Studies as Fony ideological things, but I was curious as to what makes them different. What makes white supremacy different for like Islamophobia so different from anti-Semitism? As they're, you know, we did import many African slaves that died in the millions and so did South American countries even more. So we did forced Native Americans on forced marches that in genocide. You know, there are Muslims being massacred in China today. So what makes anti-Semitism so different? Two things. One is, we have reckoned in America and in Western European countries. We've had a great reckoning with our past. We've addressed the fact that we engaged in slavery, we fought a war, we ended it. We had segregation, we had another major fight, we ended it, we had the civil rights movement. We brought women out of, and by the way, in fighting for all of those emancipations, the people who were heading these fights were constantly quoting from the Bible. They were believing Christians and they were inspired by their Christianity. So number one, we had that reckoning. Number two, anti-Semitism is the oldest hatred in humanity and you find it, believe it or not, across the entire world, what made the West different after they nearly exterminated their Jews was to have that honest look in the mirror and recon with what they did. And then those campaigns too ended. Islamophobia is a made-up word, it's made-up by a political movement that wants to exploit and capitalize on white guilt to achieve its end goal, which is the revival of the Caliphate and the revival of the Caliphate is to convey all of us into Islam, whether we like it or not, those of us who refuse to do that, we will surely be ahead and I'm sure I'm on top.